git@gitlab.com:mshump/appraisal_db.git ~/Developer/projects/appraisal_db
git@gitlab.com:jonr22/arby.git ~/Developer/projects/arby
git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/zenlytic_be.git ~/Developer/projects/zenlytic/backend
git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/zenlytic_fe.git ~/Developer/projects/zenlytic/frontend
git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/zenlytic_docs.git ~/Developer/projects/zenlytic/docs
git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/zenlytic_docs.git/wiki ~/Developer/projects/zenlytic/wiki
git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/curability.git ~/Developer/projects/curability
git@github.com:jonr22/wedding.git ~/Developer/projects/wedding

git@github.com:jonr22/laptop.git ~/Developer/open_source/laptop
git@github.com:git/git.git ~/Developer/open_source/git

git@github.com:jonr22/jonr22.github.io.git ~/Developer/blog source
git@gitlab.com:jonr22/voting.git ~/Developer/scratch/voting

git@bitbucket.org:jonr22/bellissimo_grande.git ~/Developer/consulting/bellissimo_grande

git@bitbucket.org:madaket/common-ui.git ~/Developer/madaket/common-ui
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/docker-images.git ~/Developer/madaket/docker-images
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/madabot.git ~/Developer/madaket/madabot
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/enroll-app.git ~/Developer/madaket/enroll/enroll-app
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/enroll-import.git ~/Developer/madaket/enroll/enroll-import
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/auth-lib.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/auth-lib
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/stem-ux.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/stem-ux
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/work-queue-feature.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/work-queue-feature
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/site-management-feature.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/site-management-feature
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/stem-app.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/stem-app
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/stem-reports.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/stem-reports
git@bitbucket.org:madaket/tzapigee-sync-web.git ~/Developer/madaket/stem/tzapigee-sync-web
